GITHUB_DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# GitHub Deployment Setup

Your code has been pushed to GitHub! Here's how to complete the deployment:

## ✅ What's Done:
- All deprecation warnings fixed
- Dependencies upgraded (ESLint, lucide-react, react-leaflet)
- Middleware migrated to proxy.ts
- Build verified successful
- Code pushed to GitHub (commit: af39392)
- GitHub Actions workflow created

## 🚀 Next Steps to Deploy:

### Option 1: Deploy to Vercel (Recommended)

1. **Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)** and sign in with GitHub

2. **Import your repository:**
   - Click "Add New Project"
   - Select `johnsedofiadakey-hue/nexus-platform`
   - Vercel will auto-detect Next.js configuration

3. **Configure Environment Variables:**
   Add these in the Vercel dashboard:
   ```
   DATABASE_URL=your_postgres_connection_string
   NEXTAUTH_SECRET=your_secret_key
   NEXTAUTH_URL=https://your-app.vercel.app
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url (optional)
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_key (optional)
   ```

4. **Deploy!**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Future pushes to `main` branch will auto-deploy

### Option 2: Use GitHub Actions (Automated CI/CD)

If you want GitHub Actions to handle deployment:

1. **Get Vercel tokens:**
   ```bash
   # Install Vercel CLI
   pnpm add -g vercel@latest
   
   # Login and get tokens
   vercel login
   vercel link
   ```

2. **Add GitHub Secrets:**
   Go to your repo: Settings → Secrets → Actions → New repository secret
   
   Add these secrets:
   - `VERCEL_TOKEN` - Get from: https://vercel.com/account/tokens
   - `VERCEL_ORG_ID` - From `.vercel/project.json` after `vercel link`
   - `VERCEL_PROJECT_ID` - From `.vercel/project.json` after `vercel link`
   - `DATABASE_URL` - Your PostgreSQL connection string
   - `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` - Your NextAuth secret
   - `NEXTAUTH_URL` - Your deployment URL

3. **Push the GitHub Actions workflow:**
   ```bash
   git add .github/workflows/deploy.yml
   git commit -m "ci: add GitHub Actions deployment workflow"
   git push origin main
   ```

The workflow will automatically deploy on every push to `main`.

### Option 3: Deploy to Railway

1. Go to [railway.app](https://railway.app)
2. Create new project → Deploy from GitHub repo
3. Select your repository
4. Add environment variables
5. Deploy!

## 📝 Important Notes:

- The app requires a PostgreSQL database
- Make sure `DATABASE_URL` is set correctly
- `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` should be a secure random string (generate with: `openssl rand -base64 32`)
- Build command: `pnpm i --frozen-lockfile && pnpm run build`
- Install command is configured in `vercel.json` and `railway.json` (uses `pnpm`)

## 🔍 Deployment Status:

Check your deployment at:
- Vercel: https://vercel.com/dashboard
- Railway: https://railway.app/dashboard
- GitHub Actions: https://github.com/johnsedofiadakey-hue/nexus-platform/actions

---

**Need help?** Check [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for detailed instructions.

Commit message:

ci: split vercel deploy workflow for admin and control

GITHUB_DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# GitHub Deployment Setup

Your code has been pushed to GitHub! Here's how to complete the deployment:

## ✅ What's Done:
- All deprecation warnings fixed
- Dependencies upgraded (ESLint, lucide-react, react-leaflet)
- Middleware migrated to proxy.ts
- Build verified successful
- Code pushed to GitHub (commit: af39392)
- GitHub Actions workflow created

## 🚀 Next Steps to Deploy:

### Option 1: Deploy to Vercel (Recommended)

1. **Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)** and sign in with GitHub

2. **Import your repository:**
   - Click "Add New Project"
   - Select `johnsedofiadakey-hue/nexus-platform`
   - Vercel will auto-detect Next.js configuration

3. **Configure Environment Variables:**
   Add these in the Vercel dashboard:
   ```
   DATABASE_URL=your_postgres_connection_string
   NEXTAUTH_SECRET=your_secret_key
   NEXTAUTH_URL=https://your-app.vercel.app
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url (optional)
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_key (optional)
   ```

4. **Deploy!**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Future pushes to `main` branch will auto-deploy

### Option 2: Use GitHub Actions (Automated CI/CD)

If you want GitHub Actions to handle deployment:

1. **Get Vercel tokens:**
   ```bash
   # Install Vercel CLI
   pnpm add -g vercel@latest
   
   # Login and get tokens
   vercel login
   vercel link
   ```

2. **Add GitHub Secrets:**
   Go to your repo: Settings → Secrets → Actions → New repository secret
   
   Add these secrets:
   - `VERCEL_TOKEN` - Get from: https://vercel.com/account/tokens
   - `VERCEL_ORG_ID` - From `.vercel/project.json` after `vercel link`
   - `VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_ADMIN` - Link from `apps/admin` and copy `.vercel/project.json` projectId
   - `VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_CONTROL` - Link from `apps/control` and copy `.vercel/project.json` projectId

3. **Push the GitHub Actions workflow:**
   ```bash
   git add .github/workflows/deploy.yml
   git commit -m "ci: add GitHub Actions deployment workflow"
   git push origin main
   ```

The workflow will automatically deploy on every push to `main`.

### Option 3: Deploy to Railway

1. Go to [railway.app](https://railway.app)
2. Create new project → Deploy from GitHub repo
3. Select your repository
4. Add environment variables
5. Deploy!

## 📝 Important Notes:

- The app requires a PostgreSQL database
- Make sure `DATABASE_URL` is set correctly
- `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` should be a secure random string (generate with: `openssl rand -base64 32`)
- Build command: `pnpm i --frozen-lockfile && pnpm run build`
- Install command is configured in `vercel.json` and `railway.json` (uses `pnpm`)

## 🔍 Deployment Status:

Check your deployment at:
- Vercel: https://vercel.com/dashboard
- Railway: https://railway.app/dashboard
- GitHub Actions: https://github.com/johnsedofiadakey-hue/nexus-platform/actions

---

**Need help?** Check [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for detailed instructions.
